Add initial dissect.fve documentation (#67)
fox-it/dissect-docs: docs/source/projects/dissect.fve/index.rst

dissect.fve
============

.. button-link:: https://github.com/fox-it/dissect.fve
    :color: primary
    :outline:

    :octicon:`mark-github` View on GitHub

> A Dissect module implementing parsers for various full volume and disk encryption (FVE) schemes used by the operating systems.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
A Dissect module implementing a parsers for full volume encryption implementations, currently Microsoft's Bitlocker Disk Encryption (BDE) and Linux Unified Key Setup (LUKS1 and LUKS2).
```
Just copy this bit from the project description.

* Full volume and disk encryption schemes

   * BDE (BitLocker disk encryption) (:class:`~dissect.fve.bde.BDE`)
   * LUKS (Linux Unified Key Setup) (:class:`~dissect.fve.luks.LUKS`)

Installation
------------

``dissect.fve`` is available on `PyPI <https://pypi.org/project/dissect.fve/>`_.

.. code-block:: console

    $ pip install dissect.fve

This module is also automatically installed if you install the ``dissect`` package.

Usage
-----

This package is a library with a CLI tool, so you primarily interact with it from Python. For example, 
to open and decrypt a BitLocker encrypted volume for reading:

.. code-block:: python

    from dissect.fve import BDE
    from dissect.ntfs import NTFS

    with open("path/to/bitlocker/file.dd", "rb") as fh:
        bde = BDE(fh)

>         decrypted_fh = bde.unlock_with_passphrase("kusjesvansrt<3")
>         
>         fs = NTFS(decrypted_fh.open())

Reviewer: ```suggestion
        bde.unlock_with_passphrase("kusjesvansrt<3")
        
        fs = NTFS(bde.open())
```
